feat:Amended docs for migration (#571)
Kava-Labs/kava: contrib/kava-3/migration.md

kvd start --halt-time 1591794000
```

Note that the above command will not stop `kvd` from running, it merely stops proposal / validation for blocks after that time.Validators may safely exit by issuing `CTRL+C` if running as a process.

Kava developers will update this PR with the final block number when it is reached. __Make sure the kvd process is stopped before proceeding and that you have backed up your validator__. Failure to backup your validator could make it impossible to restart your node if the upgrade fails.

> Following up steps assume a directory structure of the following, change filepaths, directory names as needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps assume the directory structure below: change filepaths, directory names as needed
```

  # commit: 869189054d68d6ec3e6446156ea0a91eb45af09c
  # build_tags: netgo,ledger
  # go: go version go1.13.7 linux/amd64
```

3. Migrate the kava-2 keys from previous key store to new key store

> Thill will scan for any keys in `.kvcli` and produce new files ending in `kavaxxx.address` and `key_name.info` for the new keystore to access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will scan for any keys in `.kvcli` and produce new files ending in `kavaxxx.address` and `key_name.info` for the new keystore to access.
```

```sh
  # Migrate keys
  (kava-3) kvcli keys migrate
```

4. Migrate the exported genesis state

```sh
  # Migrate genesis state
  (kava-3) kvd migrate kava_2_exported.json > kava_3_migrated.json

>   # Check ShaSum for later reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Check ShaSum for later reference
  # Note: jq must be installed
  # DO NOT WRITE THE JQ OUTPUT TO FILE. Use only for calculating the hash.
```
